Project Name: Panda 18, Ardee Mall 

Location: Multiple Outlets, Gurugram

Date of Project Completion: March, 2024

Project Details:

- Built-up Area: 200 sq. ft 
- Carpet Area: 1050 sq. ft 

Client Brief:
The client purchased a national master franchise for a Taiwanese bubble tea brand. She was looking for a team of designers to create a brand concept, tailored branding guidelines i.e. logo, colour scheme, etc. keeping in mind the original Taiwanese franchise, in combination with her own vision of the brand in India. The fabrication of the store had to be executed with materials and finishes easily replicable anywhere in the country.

Concept Brief:
The main mascot of the brand was a Panda. The concept of the store was inspired by Pandas’ original habitat as well as their favourite food, bamboo. A Taiwanese wok with a bain-marie was requested to cook fresh boba’s every day, with an angeethi like façade. 

Design Process: 
The store was conceptualised from 3 main elements, Panda’s, bamboos and trees. White, green and bleached oak were the store’s palette. The kitchen was planned to prioritise the prep process, whilst keeping in mind the concept of the store. The kitchen and prep area were open to the customers, thus aesthetically planned with a wooden finish floor, white and light oak structure and ceiling. The bain-marie with the Taiwanese wok was the USP of the brand, thus planned at the centre. After immense R&D, the structure was made in MS frame and cladded with white brick tiles, the bain-marie fitting perfectly within and the wok on top for cooking, achieving the exact look and function envisioned for the store. The façade of the store was in green louvers derived from dense bamboo plants in Southwest China, home to the adorable black and white pandas. The seating was in the same colour theme, with bamboo planters creating a barrier between the stores’ seating and the rest of the mall circulation. The feature highlight of the store was the panda on the log, a popular selfie attraction for all customers and mall goers, organically increasing the brand’s social media presence.